docs: Moved ssh userData example (#2620)
aws/karpenter: website/content/en/preview/AWS/operating-systems.md

**Examples**

> Your UserData and AMIs can be added to `spec.userData` and `spec.amiSelector` respectively in the `AWSNodeTemplate` resource:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Operating systems can be configured using `spec.userData` and `spec.amiSelector` respectively in the `AWSNodeTemplate` resource:
```

Author: Done.

    karpenter.sh/discovery: my-cluster
```

This example adds SSH keys to allow remote login to the node (replace *my-authorized_keys* with your key file):

{{% alert title="Note" color="primary" %}}
Instead of using SSH as set up in this example, you can use Session Manager (SSM) or EC2 Instance Connect to gain shell access to Karpenter nodes.

> See [Node NotReady](https://karpenter.sh/preview/troubleshooting/#node-notready) troubleshooting for an example of starting an SSM session from the command line or [EC2 Instance Connect](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/ec2-instance-connect-set-up.html) documentation to connect to nodes using SSH.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [Node NotReady]({{< ref "../troubleshooting/#node-notready" >}}) troubleshooting for an example of starting an SSM session from the command line or [EC2 Instance Connect](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/ec2-instance-connect-set-up.html) documentation to connect to nodes using SSH.
```

Author: Done.
